Streams 1750 - document new REST api paths (#71)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/install/_index.md

In order to check that Streams is running:

1. Create a topic with default settings using the provided Postman collection and Postman environment.

> As the provided environment is configured with `${loadbalancer.baseUrl}` for all base URLs, you need to reconfigure it with your own DNS, for instance `baseUrl` will be changed from `${loadbalancer.baseUrl}` to `https://k8s.yourdomain.tld` and so on for other variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the provided environment is configured with `${loadbalancer.baseUrl}` for all base URLs, you must reconfigure it with your own DNS. For example, `baseUrl` will be changed from `${loadbalancer.baseUrl}` to `https://k8s.yourdomain.tld` and so on for other variables.
```
